docs(website): add Use Cases section with Light Wallets, Bridges; add Case Studies section with Daedalus (#3200)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/root/case-studies/daedalus.mdx

Reviewer: It'd probably be better to group the "Use cases" and "Case studies" under an "Applications" (or another name) umbrella.

Author: I agree and updated the site structure in the latest commit. I created a main Wallets page that briefly introduces the different benefits for Light wallets vs Full-node wallets. Then I made the existing Light wallets page as a subpage nested under Wallets, and I did the same for Daedalus Wallet as a case study.

---
id: daedalus
title: Daedalus
sidebar_label: Daedalus
---

# Daedalus: faster initial sync with Mithril

<div
  style={{
    display: "flex",
    flexDirection: "column",
    alignItems: "center",
    gap: "0.5rem",
    margin: "0 auto 2rem",
  }}
>
  <img src="/doc/img/daedalus-logo.svg" alt="Daedalus logo" width="180" />
  <div
    className="daedalus-wordmark"
    style={{
      fontFamily: "'Montserrat', sans-serif",
      fontWeight: 300,
      fontSize: "1.5rem",
      letterSpacing: "0.15em",
      textTransform: "uppercase",
      margin: 0,
    }}
  >
    Daedalus <strong style={{ fontWeight: 600 }}>Wallet</strong>
  </div>
</div>

[Daedalus](https://daedaluswallet.io/) is a full-node Cardano wallet, supported by Input Output. In its 8.0.0 release, Daedalus integrated Mithril bootstrapping to dramatically reduce the time required for a fresh installation to start using the wallet for the first time.

## The problem

> Daedalus runs a full Cardano node locally. On first install, that node must sync the entire Cardano blockchain from genesis, replaying every block. Even on modern hardware, this takes many hours and significant bandwidth — historically a major friction point for users picking up a full-node wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Daedalus runs a full Cardano node locally. On first install, that node must sync the entire Cardano blockchain from genesis, replaying every block. Even on modern hardware, this usually takes more than 24-36 hours — historically a major friction point for users picking up a full-node wallet.
```

## How Mithril helps

> Fresh installations of Daedalus now download a Mithril-certified snapshot of the Cardano node database and restore it locally, rather than replaying the chain. The snapshot's integrity is verified against the Mithril certificate chain, anchored in Cardano's stake distribution — so users get the same trust guarantees as a chain-replayed node, without the wait.

Reviewer: Maybe you can specify how long it takes with Mithril: usually 30min to 1h depending on hardware and internet connection.
